I am the king
It's back to 12 noon
This means I'm dead again.
Li Yangchen, that bastard
He actually did something to me twice
No, I'm getting out of here.
Call the police and arrest him
Madam sir ordered
You can't go out without his permission
I am the master of this house
How dare you stop me?
If you insist on going out
Then I can only tell sir
Lend me your cell phone and I'll make a call
Sir ordered
I can't lend you my phone either.
Domestic servant
They have all been replaced by Li Yangchen's people
He wants to put me under house arrest.
Madam, your coffee is ready
Li Yangchen has doubts about me
He sent Mickey Kim to test
Once I found out I wasn't blind
They're going to do something to me
No matter how many times you start over
I will never let you succeed
Li Liangchen, the humiliation I have suffered
I will make you repay a hundredfold